Restructuring ROS 2 Gem docs (#2266)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/interactivity/robotics/creating-robotic-simulation.md

---

> linkTitle: CreatingYourSimulation
> title: Creating a robotic simulation
> description: Steps to create a robotic simulation using the Gem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linkTitle: Creating a Robotic Simulation
title: Creating a Robotic Simulation
description: A step-by-step process on how to create a robotic simulation using the ROS 2 Gem in Open 3D Engine (O3DE). 
```

> description: A step-by-step process on how to create a robotic simulation using the ROS 2 Gem in Open 3D Engine (O3DE).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A step-by-step process on how to create a robotic simulation using the ROS 2 Gem in Open 3D Engine (O3DE).
weight: 400
```

toc: true
---

## How to create your own robotic simulation

### Tutorials

>This section is to be filled in

### High-level steps

>This section is to be detailed.

> 

Reviewer: Because we're approaching a release in May, I suggest commenting out any future or in-progress sections like these.
